ImportData/README.md, before:

# ImportData - JavaScript

> Triggers on files in blob storage and imports them into the database.

## Detail

The function triggers on files in blob storage containing the combined dataset
from all datasets as generated by [CombineDataSources](../CombineDataSources).

The function will update every user in the dataset (accounting for joiners),
ensuring their details are the latest version of the data (accounting for
movers i.e. changes in organisation, location, phone number(s), etc.). Users
already in the database and not in the import dataset will be marked
as inactive (accounting for leavers).

The data being imported is merged with the existing data, with precedence given
to the new data. Therefore, should additional data already exist for any
existing users e.g. personal phone numbers, this will be maintained during the
import process.

During import, it is likely rate limits will be encountered (signified with a
`statusCode` of `429` for each item in the response that hit the rate limit).
Note that when using the `bulk` API the `statusCode` is applicable to
individual items rather than the entire response. When rate limits are hit, any
users not updated will have another 9 attempts at being updated. Each attempt
pauses for a configurable amount of time (based on the value set for the env
var `IMPORT_ATTEMPT_SLEEP_DURATION`). Each batch of operations against the bulk
API encounters a delay (the delay is based on the env var
`IMPORT_BULK_BATCH_SLEEP_DURATION`). Having this additional delay helps to
reduce the number of retry attempts necessary.

Currently no action is taken should there be any users that have not been
updated after all attempts have been made. This is due to not having
experienced any situations during testing and for expediency. It is possible
something will be implemented in the future.

### Creation of database and container

The database and container must exist for the function execution to be
successful. The function doesn't attempt to create the database or container
as they are fundamental to the operation of the message sending solution and
will be created during initial deployment.

The container must have the `partitionKey` set to `/id` (the `id` is
`emailAddress`, providing a unique identifier and a good spread for
partitions).

Commit message:

docs: add info about phone number CSV file

ImportData/README.md, after:

# ImportData - JavaScript

> Triggers on files in blob storage and imports them into the database.

## Detail

The function triggers on files in blob storage containing the combined dataset
from all datasets as generated by [CombineDataSources](../CombineDataSources).

The function will update every user in the dataset (accounting for joiners),
ensuring their details are the latest version of the data (accounting for
movers i.e. changes in organisation, location, phone number(s), etc.). Users
already in the database and not in the import dataset will be marked
as inactive (accounting for leavers).

The function also generates a CSV file of phone numbers of active users and
uploads it to a blob storage container. The intention of the file is to be used
as an emergency contact list that could be uploaded directly to GOV.UK Notify.
This could be needed if the web app became unavailable for any reason.
The file is just a list of all active user's phone numbers and nothing more.

The data being imported is merged with the existing data, with precedence given
to the new data. Therefore, should additional data already exist for any
existing users e.g. personal phone numbers, this will be maintained during the
import process.

During import, it is likely rate limits will be encountered (signified with a
`statusCode` of `429` for each item in the response that hit the rate limit).
Note that when using the `bulk` API the `statusCode` is applicable to
individual items rather than the entire response. When rate limits are hit, any
users not updated will have another 9 attempts at being updated. Each attempt
pauses for a configurable amount of time (based on the value set for the env
var `IMPORT_ATTEMPT_SLEEP_DURATION`). Each batch of operations against the bulk
API encounters a delay (the delay is based on the env var
`IMPORT_BULK_BATCH_SLEEP_DURATION`). Having this additional delay helps to
reduce the number of retry attempts necessary.

Currently no action is taken should there be any users that have not been
updated after all attempts have been made. This is due to not having
experienced any situations during testing and for expediency. It is possible
something will be implemented in the future.

### Creation of database and container

The database and container must exist for the function execution to be
successful. The function doesn't attempt to create the database or container
as they are fundamental to the operation of the message sending solution and
will be created during initial deployment.

The container must have the `partitionKey` set to `/id` (the `id` is
`emailAddress`, providing a unique identifier and a good spread for
partitions).
