EmailPhoneNumbers/README.md, before:

# Email Phone Numbers - JavaScript

> Triggers on phone number CSV file in blob storage.

## Detail

The function triggers on the phone numbers CSV file in blob storage. The file
contains a list of all active phone numbers and is generated during the
[ImportData](../ImportData) function execution.

The function creates an encrypted, password protected archive and uploads it to
the same storage container, with the same name (effectively overwriting the
existing file) where the original file exists.
A [SAS URI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/delegate-access-with-shared-access-signature)
with a 29 day lifetime is generated and
[sent by email](https://docs.notifications.service.gov.uk/node.html#send-an-email)
using GOV.UK Notify to a email address accessible by Administrators of
`gwa-web`.

## Notes

### 29 day lifetime for SAS

29 days was chosen for the SAS lifetime as it was felt 4 weeks would provide
enough time for any problems to be resolved, should there be an issue with the
emailing of future links.

Commit message:

feat: email after import and improve error handling (#33)
* feat: improve error handling, with tests

* docs: clarify naming of archive

* feat: send email after import

* feat: handle error during email sending

* refactor: extract report generation

* refactor: use report gen in logging expectation. pluralise content

EmailPhoneNumbers/README.md, after:

# Email Phone Numbers - JavaScript

> Triggers on phone number CSV file in blob storage.

## Detail

The function triggers on the phone numbers CSV file in blob storage. The file
contains a list of all active phone numbers and is generated during the
[ImportData](../ImportData) function execution.

The function creates an encrypted, password protected archive and uploads it to
the same storage container. The name of the archive is the same each time
(overwriting the existing file, if there is one).
A [SAS URI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/delegate-access-with-shared-access-signature)
with a 29 day lifetime is generated and
[sent by email](https://docs.notifications.service.gov.uk/node.html#send-an-email)
using GOV.UK Notify to a email address accessible by Administrators of
`gwa-web`. The password to open the archive is known by the Administrators.

## Notes

### 29 day lifetime for SAS

29 days was chosen for the SAS lifetime as it was felt 4 weeks would provide
enough time for any problems to be resolved, should there be an issue with the
emailing of future links.
