scripts/README.md, before:

# Scripts

> A collection of useful scripts.

## [Update app settings](./update-app-settings)

Run `./update-app-settings` from the repo's root directory to update the app
settings for the function app deployed in Azure. You must be logged in for this
to work - `az login`. By default the script will update the settings in the
`production` slot. Other slots can be updated by specifying the name of the
slot when running the script e.g. `./update-app-settings staging`.

There must be a file in the repo's root directory containing the slot settings
including the name of the slot e.g. `app-settings.production.json` contains the
`production` slot app settings. These files likely contain secrets and should
not be checked into source control (they are excluded via `.gitignore`).

## [Run GitHub Super Linter](./run-github-super-linter)

Run `./run-github-super-linter` to run GitHub Super Linter on the repo. This is
run during the CI build to ensure all files adhere to the linting rules.

## [Run function locally](./run-function-locally)

Run one of the functions locally by sending an HTTP POST request. The function
app needs to be running.

The script requires the name of the function it should be run to be passed as
the first argument e.g. `./run-function-local ExtractAADData`.

Commit message:

feat: email link to phone number archive (#31)
* chore: update deps to latest versions

* refactor: extract functions to modules

* chore: install Notify client

* feat: do not commit zip and macOS stuff

* feat: data can be passed to local func run script

* chore: add archiver deps

* feat: email link to phone number archive

* fix: test

* feat: wrap function in try..catch

* refactor: improve var naming

* feat: initial tests for email phone number func

* docs: state file is overwritten during upload

* feat: extend tests for sending email

* refactor: simplify function declaration

* fix: no need to read file

scripts/README.md, after:

# Scripts

> A collection of useful scripts.

## [Update app settings](./update-app-settings)

Run `./update-app-settings` from the repo's root directory to update the app
settings for the function app deployed in Azure. You must be logged in for this
to work - `az login`. By default the script will update the settings in the
`production` slot. Other slots can be updated by specifying the name of the
slot when running the script e.g. `./update-app-settings staging`.

There must be a file in the repo's root directory containing the slot settings
including the name of the slot e.g. `app-settings.production.json` contains the
`production` slot app settings. These files likely contain secrets and should
not be checked into source control (they are excluded via `.gitignore`).

## [Run GitHub Super Linter](./run-github-super-linter)

Run `./run-github-super-linter` to run GitHub Super Linter on the repo. This is
run during the CI build to ensure all files adhere to the linting rules.

## [Run function locally](./run-function-locally)

Run one of the functions locally by sending an HTTP POST request. The function
app needs to be running.

The script requires the name of the function it should run to be passed as
the first argument e.g. `./run-function-local ExtractAADData`.

Optionally, a second argument can be supplied, this will be set as the `input`
value. It is useful when triggering blobTrigger functions to specify the name
of the blob e.g. `./run-function-locally EmailPhoneNumbers
phone-numbers/phone-numbers.csv` will run the `EmailPhoneNumbers` function for
the `phone-numbers.csv` file in the `phone-numbers` container.
If there is no second argument the value is defaulted to `test`.
