CombineDataSources/README.md, before:

# Combine Data Sources - JavaScript

> Triggers on files containing the combined dataset extracts from AirWatch (AW)
> and Azure Active Directory (AAD).

## Detail

The function triggers on files in blob storage containing the combined dataset
from [CombineUserData](../CombineUserData) and other sources (TBD).

Each user in the data is checked against a schema to ensure it is valid and
should be moved to the next stage. If the validation fails the user is not
eligible and will be added to an `error-user.json` file for later inspection.
Users that pass validation will be uploaded to the next stage in
`all-users.json`.

## Note

Currently this function copies and validates the data against the schema
for the single file from the combining of AW and AAD data into blob storage
that will trigger the execution of [ImportData](../ImportData).

Future developments are likely to include the ability for external data files
to be uploaded which would then be combined within this function. When (if)
that time comes it _should_ be a case of concatenating all of the files in the
container.

Commit message:

feat: implement CombineDataSources as intended (#22)
* refactor: return undefined rather than null

* refactor: rename for hypen consistency

* feat: extract user validation to module

* feat: handle non 200 responses from AirWatch

* feat: extract getting container contents into own module

* feat: use correct type package for jest

* refactor: rename for hypen consistency

* docs: add JSDoc for future understanding

* feat: implement combining of all user data

* refactor: extract functions for easier reading

* feat: add tests for logging

* docs: correct and improve README

* fix: remove unused var

* fix: remove sonarcloud identified code smell

CombineDataSources/README.md, after:

# Combine Data Sources - JavaScript

> Triggers on files in the `DATA_SOURCES_CONTAINER`. All valid users from all
> files in the container and combined into a single file.

## Detail

The function triggers on files in the `data-sources` blob storage container.
The container contains the combined dataset from
[CombineUserData](../CombineUserData) along with other organisation's data
files. The organisation data files contain user data uploaded from
[gwa-web](https://github.com/DEFRA/gwa-web).

The contents of all files in the container is loaded and processed. Duplicate
users are processed. Duplicates with an entry in the core data
(i.e. any users in `internal-users.json`) that entry is used with the other
being ignored. Duplicate entries not in the core dataset are not deemed as
valid and are output to a file (`duplicate.json`) for later inspection.

When duplicates have been removed the users are validated against a schema to
ensure they are valid and are OK to be moved to the next stage. If the
validation fails the user is not eligible and will be added to an
`error-users.json` file for later inspection. Users that pass validation will be
uploaded to the next stage in `valid-users.json`.
